Copilot skills for building CLI, container images, and installing Radius (#11402)
radius-project/radius: .github/skills/radius-build-images/SKILL.md

Confirm the images were pushed successfully:

```sh
docker images --filter "reference=${DOCKER_REGISTRY}/*:${DOCKER_TAG_VERSION:-latest}"
```

## Multi-Architecture Builds

For `linux/amd64`, `linux/arm64`, and `linux/arm` images, first set up the buildx environment (one-time):

```sh
make configure-buildx
```

Then build and push all architectures in one step:

```sh
DOCKER_REGISTRY=${DOCKER_REGISTRY} DOCKER_TAG_VERSION=${DOCKER_TAG_VERSION:-latest} make docker-multi-arch-push
```

Or build without pushing:

```sh
make docker-multi-arch-build
```

## Installing a Custom Build on Kubernetes

After pushing, install the custom build:

```sh
rad install kubernetes \
  --chart deploy/Chart/ \
  --set global.imageRegistry=${DOCKER_REGISTRY} \
  --set global.imageTag=${DOCKER_TAG_VERSION:-latest}
```

For private registries requiring a pull secret:

```sh
kubectl create secret docker-registry regcred \
  --docker-server=${DOCKER_REGISTRY} \
  --docker-username=<username> \
  --docker-password=<password> \
  -n radius-system

rad install kubernetes \
  --chart deploy/Chart/ \
  --set global.imageRegistry=${DOCKER_REGISTRY} \
  --set global.imageTag=${DOCKER_TAG_VERSION:-latest} \

>   --set-string 'global.imagePullSecrets[0].name=regcred'

Reviewer: The `--set-string` flag is **not registered** on the `rad install kubernetes` command. Only `--set`, `--set-file`, `--chart`, `--reinstall`, and `--kubecontext` are registered (see `pkg/cli/cmd/install/kubernetes/kubernetes.go` lines 100-109).

```suggestion
  --set 'global.imagePullSecrets[0].name=regcred'
```

```

## Quick Reference

| Goal | Command |
|------|---------|
| Build all images | `make docker-build` |
| Push all images | `make docker-push` |
| Build + push (one step) | `make docker-build docker-push` |
| Multi-arch build | `make docker-multi-arch-build` |
| Multi-arch build + push | `make docker-multi-arch-push` |
| Single image build | `make docker-build-<name>` |
| Single image push | `make docker-push-<name>` |
| Save images to `.tar` | `make docker-save-images` |
| Load images from `.tar` | `make docker-load-images` |
| Setup buildx (one-time) | `make configure-buildx` |

## Key Environment Variables

| Variable | Default | Description |
|----------|---------|-------------|

> | `DOCKER_REGISTRY` | `$(whoami)` | Target registry (e.g. `ghcr.io/myorg`) |

Reviewer: The Key Environment Variables table says the default for `DOCKER_REGISTRY` is `$(whoami)`, but that's the default defined in `build/docker.mk`. Because the `Makefile` includes `build/test.mk` **before** `build/docker.mk`, and `test.mk` defines `DOCKER_REGISTRY ?=ghcr.io/radius-project/dev`, the effective default is actually `ghcr.io/radius-project/dev` (both use `?=`, so the first one wins).

The narrative text in Step 2 correctly warns about this — the table should match.

```suggestion
| `DOCKER_REGISTRY` | `ghcr.io/radius-project/dev` | Target registry — default comes from `build/test.mk`; always override for local builds |
```
